Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
This privacy policy outlines how we handle and store data collected through the /snipe, /esnipe and /confess commands in our Discord bot. By using these commands, you agree to the collection and storage of certain data as described below.

2. Data Collection

/snipe: This command stores the content of the most recently deleted messages within a channel. The data is stored indefinitely unless manually cleared using the /clearsnipe command.

/esnipe: This command stores the original and edited versions of messages that have been edited within a channel. The data is stored indefinitely unless manually cleared using the /clearsnipe command.

/confess: This command stores anonymous confessions made by users. The confessions are stored indefinitely (for safety reasons) and cannot be deleted by users.

3. Data Storage and Retention
All data collected through the aforementioned commands is stored indefinitely on our servers. The data will only be removed when the /clearsnipe command is executed, which permanently deletes the stored information for the specified command(s).

4. Data Usage
The stored data is used solely for the purpose of providing the functionality of the /snipe, /esnipe, and /confess commands. We do not use this data for any other purpose, nor do we share it with third parties.

5. User Control
Users have the ability to clear the stored data at any time by using the /clearsnipe command. This command will permanently delete the stored data for the specified command(s) and cannot be undone.

6. Security
We take the security of your data seriously. All data stored is protected with appropriate measures to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure. However, no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee absolute security.

7. Changes to This Policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. Any changes will be communicated to users through appropriate channels.

8. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us through our discord server.

By using the /snipe, /esnipe, /confess or any other commands, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this privacy policy.